README.md, before:

Data Scientist focused on statistical modeling, machine learning, and data-driven applications.

## Core Skills

- Data Analysis: Python, data visualization.
- Statistical modeling, Machine learning, Deep learning, Bayesian methods.
- NLP and Generative AI
- Production grade development: Cloud environment, best practices like CI/CD, unit tests, git versioning, etc.

## Featured Projects

- NBA Analytics Suite: Statistical analysis platform for player and team performance ([example](https://pdgarden.github.io/nba-stats-eda/eda_nba_players_accuracy_evolution.html)). Data extracted from local datawarehouse based on DBT / DuckDB ([repo](https://github.com/pdgarden/nba-stats)). An engine was implemented to convert questions in natural language to SQL queries that are executed on the datawarehouse by leveraging LLMs ([repo](https://github.com/pdgarden/nba-insights-engine)). 
- Recipe Recommendation Engine: ML-based personalized recipe suggestion system ([repo](https://github.com/pdgarden/recipe-recommender-system)) leveraging LLM, sentence embedding, similarity search and KNN (see [approach](https://pdgarden.github.io/recipe-recommender-system/eda/eda_recipe_recommendations.html)).
- Other: Check github profile.

Commit message:

Improve clarity
- Mention LLM finetuning
- Add bullet points

README.md, after:

Machine learning engineer focused on generative AI, statistical modeling, machine learning, and data-driven applications.

## Core Skills

- Data Analysis: Python, data visualization.
- Statistical modeling, Machine learning, Deep learning, Bayesian methods.
- NLP and Generative AI
- Production grade development: Cloud environment, best practices like CI/CD, unit tests, git versioning, etc.

## Featured Projects

- NBA Analytics Suite:
  - Statistical analysis platform for player and team performance ([example](https://pdgarden.github.io/nba-stats-eda/eda_nba_players_accuracy_evolution.html)).
  - Local datawarehouse based on DBT / DuckDB to model nba stats ([repo](https://github.com/pdgarden/nba-stats)).
  - Chatbot leveraging LLMs to interact with the local datawarehouse ([repo](https://github.com/pdgarden/nba-insights-engine)).
  - Fine tuning of LLM to improve performances on NBA teams and players recognition: [repo](https://github.com/pdgarden/ner-llm-finetuning) 
- Recipe Recommendation Engine: ML-based personalized recipe suggestion system ([repo](https://github.com/pdgarden/recipe-recommender-system)) leveraging LLM, sentence embedding, similarity search and KNN (see [approach](https://pdgarden.github.io/recipe-recommender-system/eda/eda_recipe_recommendations.html)).
- Other: Check github profile.
